I'm fit and this is mine
family
Hello and welcome
again a new candy bar from
messel and this time in the version kinat
just like the other day at lay big it is
a long big rule is called 450 grams
the big sight I can not
in comparison to watching how big or
how heavy the original wet is well
definitely thought of or novelty
namely with time of my trainers
pina has in one of the orange brown ones
Packaging the original ones are rather
are money lies and the original at night
are also really delicious urgently again
You can now do that with the 4 3
net not so it will be out then
very very chocolaty really delicious
chocolate especially at siemag
So the typical creamy it is always
still there
tastes a lot more fun
yes in any case a little more after
children tastes nutty now i can
In any case, ever claim
The pilot you have to look so right
I love it when I'm still milk
original net snail in my opinion
after better
especially it does not smell the new
kids penguin with cocos that has
surprisingly many smelled of coconut
and this net tastes pretty normal
judge not the chocolate 03
special and tasty but it does well
you can eat it it is not now
exaggeratedly delicious but definitely
a pleasure
the canucks chocolate bar this time in the
taste peanuts i find myself
that it tastes so special
one delicious chocolate bar but oh well
that was it from me again
the doctor nougat up to a new one
Video
the bavaria is looking for the gaps
and 10 thomas müller and ribery arrive
the ball and fit on Mario idiot
Götze with the 2 0 now for the Bavarians
in the first one
now a sharp pass on
That's what the Frenchman does. He plays as well
scotch again of theory and that
310 happy times
sensational goal of toni kroos 4 0
against nuremberg
here again to see over the wall
about goalkeeper chance